
 POD_anteshunttroile.3.t:0 "The Hunt: Veteran's Stories"
 POD_anteshunttroile.3.desc:0 "Now that you have solidified an escape plan, you need to understand what truly happened the night Carthage fell to find a way to manipulate the time loop to your advantage. Obviously, this was quite the momentous event but even the actual participants of the battle didn't have the full picture at the time. As such, you will have to ask all of those that were truly there about their version of the story.\nYou just hope that enough of them are still active and willing to talk for you to truly understand what you will be stepping into."
 POD_anteshunttroile.3.a:0 "Making sense of a myth."
 camilla_insights_tt:0 "Camilla, the Prince of Rome, shared his story with you."
 lysander_insights_tt:0 "Lysander, Rome's general, shared his story with you."
 alchias_insights_tt:0 "Alchias, the Prince of Syracuse, shared his story with you."
 eshmunazar_insights_tt:0 "Eshmunazar, the Haqimite rebel, shared his story with you."
 dominic_insights_tt:0 "Dominic, Carthage's general, shared his story with you."
 cybele_insights_tt:0 "Cybele, Bane of Moloch, shared her story with you."
 menele_insights_tt:0 "Menele, Carthage's diplomat, shared his story with you."
 helena_insights_tt:0 "Helena, Carthage's traitor, shared her story with you."
 tryphosa_insights_tt:0 "Tryphosa, Rome's seer, shared her story with you."
 zamra_insights_tt:0 "Zamra, Scion of Carthage, shared her story with you."
 ecaterina_insights_tt:0 "Ecaterina, alleged survivor, shared her story with you."
 
 POD_anteshunttroile.4.t:0 "The Fall: Carthage's Last Night"
 POD_anteshunttroile.4.desc:0 "With all the preparations complete, you have traveled to the ruins of Carthage and boldly stepped forth towards the time loop. Without as much as a warning, you find yourself seeing the great city on the horizon, flames burning from the ongoing siege. It seems you have appeared inside the Roman main camp which presents you with a first opportunity to manipulate time in your advantage.\nYou want Troile as weak as possible to be able to consume her and, as such, you need to help the Romans win more decisively than they historically did. The Roman generals are going over their plan but you know what will happen : Camilla, the Prince of Rome, will stay behind to arrive later on with reinforcements. A surprise attack by Eshmunazar's Banu Haqim on the main camp will delay him however, and the reinforcements will never come before the battle is over.\nIf you could persuade Camilla of the impending danger, he could prepare better for it and hopefully still make it in time to help against Troile later during the night."
 POD_anteshunttroile.4.a:0 "I have important news for the Eternal Consul!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.4.effect.success.desc:0 "Camilla heeds your warning."
 POD_anteshunttroile.4.critical.failure:0 "Time follows its fateful course."
 
 POD_anteshunttroile.5.t:0 "The Fall: The Goddess of War's Last Charge"
 POD_anteshunttroile.5.desc:0 "The assault on Carthage's walls has begun and you can see Artemis Orthia, the fearless childe of Ventrue himself, leading the charge. You know how it ends, with the walls broken and a path cleared but Artemis herself ripped apart by the sheer number of defenders and the Romans left without their best warrior.\nThis is an opportunity to save her, but this would mean charging headlong alongside her. If the Goddess of the Spartans, most skilled warrior of the Ventrue, couldn't survive... what are your odds? On the other hand, having Artemis' spear covering your back during the final assault against Troile would be a tremendous asset."
 POD_anteshunttroile.5.a:0 "For Rome!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.5.effect.success.desc:0 "Artemis is bloodied, but alive!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.5.critical.failure:0 "Carthage stands strong..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.5.b:0 "This is too risky, let her die."
 
 POD_anteshunttroile.6.t:0 "The Fall: The Warmasters' Showdown"
 POD_anteshunttroile.6.desc:0 "Rome's army is now inside Carthage. You follow them carefully, trying to avoid being swept away in the tide of frenzy and bloodshed. Fighting in city's streets is a dreadful affair, largely favoring the defender. You know that Lysander, Rome's general, will ultimately triumph over Dominic, his Carthaginian counterpart, in this struggle but it will take too much time, forcing Camilla and the others to use their backup plan of avoiding Troile, something you can't afford to happen.\nYou could offer your help to Lysander, helping him coordinate the vast battlefield at the best of your ability. This would put a target on your back for sure however, and Dominic would try his best to stop you. Making staying clear of this melee altogether would be a wiser choice?"
 POD_anteshunttroile.6.a:0 "Legatus, I can help the army's coordination."
 POD_anteshunttroile.6.effect.success.desc:0 "Decisive Roman Victory!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.6.critical.failure:0 "Outsmarted..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.6.b:0 "This is too risky, let them clash on their own."
  
 POD_anteshunttroile.7.t:0 "The Fall: Alchias' Calculations"
 POD_anteshunttroile.7.desc:0 "While you were busy with the assault on the city itself, you know that a critical part of the night is taking place just outside the walls right now. Alchias, the Malkavian Prince of Syracuse, is an important part of the war effort as his powerful mental powers help coordinate the various Roman groups better than any messenger system could. He is being ambushed by Baali agents however and you know that his ultimate fate is a long torpor and a sudden disarray in the Roman lines.\nYou are too late to save Alchias himself but you could still try to salvage the army's organization since you know that it will soon start crumbling. That would certainly improve the Romans' odds."
 POD_anteshunttroile.7.a:0 "I want reports on the front, now!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.7.effect.success.desc:0 "The Romans stay united."
 
 POD_anteshunttroile.8.t:0 "The Fall: The Roman Devil"
 POD_anteshunttroile.8.desc:0 "Cybele is the Romans' ace in the hole. This powerful Nergalite Baali is here to kill Moloch, Troile's lover, and she will ultimately be the one to entrap them both under Carthage when the battle turns sour for her allies. This isn't something you want to happen. Luckily, this isn't something Cybele herself wants to happen either, as she would much prefer burning Moloch herself than just entrapping him.\nThe Nergalite has many rituals prepared to weaken Moloch but few against Troile herself, since she doesn't care much about her. If you are subtle enough, you could try to convince her to redirect some of her spells against your true target. This is risky however, as the powerful Baali sorceress is known to have a foul temper for interlopers..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.8.a:0 "This would help both of our causes."
 POD_anteshunttroile.8.effect.success.desc:0 "Cybele agrees."
 POD_anteshunttroile.8.critical.failure:0 "Unwilling test subject for a spell..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.8.b:0 "This is too risky, let her do her thing."

 POD_anteshunttroile.10.t:0 "The Fall: Unchanging Time"
 POD_anteshunttroile.10.desc:0 "Despite your efforts, the time loop is proceeding as it historically did. The Romans are too weakened by the assault to dare challenge Troile and Moloch and, as such, Cybele is preparing her backup plan of entrapping them under the city with a powerful ritual.\nAt this point, charging in all by yourself towards Troile would be utter madness and you instead have to quickly prepare your escape plan. The time loop will soon reset itself and notice that there is an intruder in it. You really don't want to be here when that happens.\nWhile not a victory, you still managed to survive this whole adventure. Not a small feat all things considered."
 POD_anteshunttroile.10.a:0 "Could have ended better. Or much worse."

 POD_anteshunttroile.11.t:0 "The End of Time : Troile and Moloch"
 POD_anteshunttroile.11.desc:0 "You did it. Your efforts managed to help the Roman army enough that they are sticking with their primary plan : killing Troile and Moloch. As you are following them to the center of the city however, you can see reality itself crackling all around you as the time loop has started to notice your interference. Time is running short.\nTroile and Moloch await you at the front of their palace, already bathed in Roman blood and seemingly unconcerned by the tide of the battle turning against them. Before you can even lift a finger, Troile has made an imperceptible move of her wrist, resulting in her fabled crystal sword cleaving a large part of your army without you even noticing it.\nYou are facing a true [antediluvian|E], the greatest mistress of Celerity, and you are suddenly realizing how pitiful your odds are despite your best efforts so far..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.11.a:0 "All of that was a terrible idea..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.11.effect.success.desc:0 "You hold your own for now..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.11.critical.failure:0 "Blink. You are dead."
    
 POD_anteshunttroile.12.t:0 "The End of Time : The Battle"
 POD_anteshunttroile.12.desc:0 "Troile is playing with you. Even without Moloch's help, she seems more than a match for all your forces combined. You have so far managed to keep your head on your shoulders but that's not the case for everyone around you. You need to stop being on the defensive and actually push her back somehow if you want to make it out of here alive."
 POD_anteshunttroile.12.desc.b:0 "\nAs you were preparing your next move, a powerful warcry is heard and Artemis Orthia jumps spear first towards Troile's head. Surprised, the Antediluvian must actually defend herself for once as the clash of spear on sword is suddenly heard as the two powerful warriors clash at a blurring speed. While Artemis won't certainly last long, this might be your opening."
 POD_anteshunttroile.12.a:0 "I can do it..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.12.effect.success.desc:0 "A glancing blow on Troile."
     
 POD_anteshunttroile.13.t:0 "The End of Time : Carthage's Reinforcements"
 POD_anteshunttroile.13.desc:0 "While you are already barely hanging on against Troile and Moloch, you suddenly notice that you have been flanked by Carthage's last remaining defenders. They would be no threat individually, but in the current circumstances they could be more than enough to end you for good. You need to rally your troops against them."
 POD_anteshunttroile.13.desc.b:0 "\nLuckily, the stalwart Lysander has noticed this issue as well and has already started organizing a rushed defense. With the both of you working together, you might make it out of this predicament."
 POD_anteshunttroile.13.a:0 "Rally! Rally!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.13.effect.success.desc:0 "They are dealt with."
          
 POD_anteshunttroile.14.t:0 "The End of Time : Moloch"
 POD_anteshunttroile.14.desc:0 "Troile is a terrifying adversary, but her lover Moloch is far from a weak foe as well. The powerful 4th generation Baali Methuselah is a master of magic, often of the quite dark kind, and isn't shy about using it brutally against your companions. If you want to really focus on Troile, you will have to shut down Moloch for good, which entails surviving to his magical onslaught..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.14.desc.b:0 "\nCybele is proving an useful ally in this endeavor. The Nergalite Baali is fighting without restraint against her rival and, while she is no match for him by herself, she is more than enough to distract him and hopefully give you an opening for your own attack."
 POD_anteshunttroile.14.a:0 "Die, infernalist!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.14.effect.success.desc:0 "One down. One to go."
               
 POD_anteshunttroile.15.t:0 "The End of Time : Shameful Display"
 POD_anteshunttroile.15.desc:0 "Your men are wavering. Even the most stout Roman soldier would be shaken to his core seeing the terrifying display of power shown by Troile. As the battle drags on, some have started running away, opening gaps in your defensive line that Troile is quick to exploit. You must rally your beleaguered companions before there is nothing left to rally at all."
 POD_anteshunttroile.15.desc.b:0 "\nYour experience in handling the troops' orders after Alchias' fall has given you a good head start into knowing how to boost these soldiers. That will be helpful."
 POD_anteshunttroile.15.effect.success.desc:0 "We stand firm!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.15.b:0 "Just focus on my own fight."            
 
 POD_anteshunttroile.16.t:0 "The End of Time : Closing In"
 POD_anteshunttroile.16.desc:0 "Troile is starting to show some small signs of weakness. Your relentless assault, helped by your companions, has put a dent into her blood reserves and she is being more conservative with her moves, if still as deadly. If you could organize your remaining forces into one last coordinated strike, that could do the trick..."
 POD_anteshunttroile.16.desc.b:0 "\nShouts are being heard from behind your back-line as you spot the Eternal Consul Camilla finally arriving with his reinforcements. The bloodied and battered Ventrue is still a sight for sore eyes, and his disciplined troops soon join you to close in on Troile."
 POD_anteshunttroile.16.effect.success.desc:0 "We will win!"
 POD_anteshunttroile.16.a:0 "Roma Invicta!" 
 POD_anteshunttroile.16.b:0 "I need a small break. Let the others handle this for now."            
  
 POD_anteshunttroile.17.t:0 "The End of Time : Troile's Fall?"
 POD_anteshunttroile.17.desc:0 "This is now or never. Troile is alone, weakened by the prolonged fight. You and your companions aren't in that much better of a shape but you are still standing. You can feel the time loop starting to fight back harder, trying to correct the paradox you created, which means you don't have a lot of time before all hell breaks lose on you.\nTroile once more readies her deadly sword and you can see a deadly smile cropping behind her bloodied face. Here and now, surrounded by the burning Carthage, is where your destiny lies."
 POD_anteshunttroile.17.effect.success.desc:0 "Victory?"
 POD_anteshunttroile.17.a:0 "I can do this..." 
   
 POD_anteshunttroile.18.t:0 "The End of Time : Victory"
 POD_anteshunttroile.18.desc:0 "The fight ends in a blur. Troile kneeling down, finally weakened enough by the battle so that you can approach her. Reality itself breaking apart as the defensive spell tries to stop you from interfering. Your Roman companions closing in for the kill but slowed down by the maelstrom unleashed by the breaking time loop.\nYour fangs on Troile's neck.\nThe sensation of untold power coursing through you and complete bliss until a quick spark of lucidity reminds you to use your escape plan to flee the scene before it's too late.\nYou emerge into the current, true, Carthage's ruins. The time loop is gone, as there is nothing left to protect here. Carthage is silent once more.\nAnd as you walk away, the ghosts of the past swirl inside you, making you more powerful than you ever dreamed of."
 POD_anteshunttroile.18.a:0 "I defeated time itself." 
 POD_anteshuntabsi.1.g:0 "There are other possibilities..." 
 POD_anteshuntabsi.100.a:0 "I will hunt Troile, the Queen of Carthage."
